
PROVISIONS AND DISCLAIMER:

ATTENTION: Please read these terms carefully before proceeding. Using 0DTE prediction and participating in any webinar or other events, hosted by us or partners indicates that you accept these terms.

Trading financial instruments such as futures, equities and options, with or without margin, involves a high risk of substantial loss. Traders and investors can lose more than their initial investment, and any and all past results are not indicative of future results. Please consider carefully whether trading financial instruments is appropriate to your financial situation, and evaluate the level of capital you can put at risk of complete loss. Nothing on this website or on 0DTE Prediction should be construed as a trading advice or an assessment of probability for capital gains. Any trader or Investor opting to use 0DTE Prediction must be fully aware of the inherit risks of trading financial instruments and is using this website and/or 0DTE Prediction on his own independent judgment and responsibility. Any live or still images or webinar screen shares depicting trades or trading activity are for pure demonstration purposes and are simulated. We are a platform and as such demonstrate trading capabilities of our platform.  It is your money, your risk.  We may, at our discretion chose to highlight educational partners who present trading ideas.  We may provide commentary to these ideas from the perspective of real time order flow information. Any opinions, news, research, analysis, prices, or other information contained on this website or on 0DTE Prediction or during 0DTE Prediction webinars is provided as-is and does not constitute investment or trading advice. 0DTE Prediction will not accept liability for any loss or damage, including without limitation to, any loss of profit, which may arise directly or indirectly from use of or reliance on this website, webinars, recoorded webinars or on 0DTE Prediction channel.

There are additional risks associated with utilizing an Internet-based deal execution trading system including, but not limited to, the failure of hardware, software, and Internet connection. Since  0DTE Prediction do not control signal power, its reception or routing via Internet, configuration of your equipment or reliability of its connection, we cannot be responsible for communication failures, distortions or delays when trading via the Internet. A note on P&L: 0DTE Prediction present P&L figures per session and does not take into account fees and commissions. The overriding representation of your orders, positions and P&L status should be obtained from your broker. 0DTE Prediction and 0DTE Prediction are not data providers and rely on the accuracy of data transmitted by your trading platform and its affiliated data provider(s). 0DTE Prediction and 0DTE Prediction are not responsible for the execution of your orders. The execution of your orders is handled by your broker according to your trading agreements and arrangements with them. 0DTE Prediction presents information received from your trading platform and transmits order requests entered on 0DTE Prediction to your trading platform. 0DTE Prediction and 0DTE Prediction do not have any responsibility relating to the accuracy of data, execution of your orders and your actual position status and will not accept any liability for any loss or damage which may arise as a result of any of these matters. Any and all claims relating to such matters should be directed to your trading platform provider and/or your broker.

Special Note regarding 0DTE Prediction Educator Partners. The tools or information accessible through the 0DTE Prediction website 3rd Party Software section is prepared by third-party Providers not affiliated with 0DTE Prediction.

None of the tools or information should be construed as a recommendation by 0DTE Prediction or a solicitation to buy or sell commodities. Neither 0DTE Prediction nor the Providers guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, or completeness of the tools or information. Users of the tools or information do so at their own risk and 0DTE Prediction is not liable to customers or other users for any damages arising from use of the tools or information. There is no warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding these tools or information.

0DTE Prediction reserves the right to terminate access to the Tools or Information contained in this section at any time it deems appropriate to do so. Any links to outside websites are provided for the convenience of our customers and website visitors only and do not constitute a recommendation by 0DTE Prediction of any service or a solicitation to buy or sell commodities. Additionally, these links are provided for informational purposes only and 0DTE Prediction does not warrant the accuracy or content of these sites.
